hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be sharing another day in my life this
video is very kindly sponsored by the
University of Exeter so as soon as I
woke up I went outside and I decided to
do some journaling this is a beautiful
journal that my friend is how she got me
and I really am trying to journal more
often because I used to do all the time
and I just got out of the habit of doing
everyday so then I went outside and I
read a little bit of my book and I also
did my morning struct
[Music]
lady and then I went to need some ice
cream for my parents and me we really
enjoyed having us I'm sorry morning and
also I will just make a huge batch of
everyone and it comes out so so good
this has to be one of my favorite foods
it's literally like ice cream but it's
just made with bananas and of course I
also make myself a matcha latte which I
like to have every morning so then I
went through and planned my day so I am
using this lockdown planner that I
designed myself it's available on my
website then I actually got a quick call
that I needed to take hello
umm yes yeah no of course it would be
like consolidated the essay feedback
that I received from my two to the day
before because he'd agreed to chat with
me today over video chat so I just made
a note of the key questions I was going
to ask him
[Music]
then I went through this reading it's
this essay by Wimsatt and it's all about
wine and my tutor had mentioned it in my
ass a feedback so I just wanted to I
wanted to read it before the call so
that if I had any questions about it I
could ask him and if I had any questions
about how he why he'd mentioned it in my
assay I'd be able to ask him when I was
talking with him and then at 11:00 I had
a call with my tutor this was really
really useful really handy and I'm just
so so grateful that my poetry teacher
took the time out to actually really go
through this feedback with me and have a
proper conversation and yeah we had a
really great conversation about Emily
Dickinson and the fluidity of her poems
from one to the next it was really good
fun I just want to take this chance to
say how grateful I am for the support
that the University of Exeter has given
during this time because it is such a
difficult time friends of mine at
university of agree with me on this but
the university is just working to
provide as much normality as possible
making sure that we're receiving vital
information still making sure that we
can still access opportunities and and
just the fact like with today where I'm
speaking to my poetry tutor the tutors
are just so willing to give up time to
speak with us and help us and I just
feel so so grateful for that
okay I just had a video call with my
poetry tutor basically we got our essay
feedback from the poem yesterday my
essay feedback was so detailed I can't
even tell you how grateful I am for such
detailed feedback I went through my
essay and I made a note of some key
thoughts blue is concrete things that I
was told I need to stop doing and then
purple is things that I wanted to ask
about I went through before the cool and
as you can see I just made a quick note
of the specific things I was going to
ask about basically offered to speak
with any of us if we had any questions
about it after got our essays back so I
organized a video chat and we spoke for
40 minutes so he gave up so much his
morning and I really appreciate it as I
said earlier I was working on reading
through a whim Sat essay and he
recommended another one of his essays to
me and also he's gained semi through
some other writers I might enjoy reading
so that's really great so after that I
finished the WIMP stop reading that I'd
started this morning it's really
interesting I'll leave a link down below
in case anyone's interested to read it I
thought it was really cool okay so we
receive regular updates from the
vice-chancellor
about the current situation with
coronavirus what the University is doing
resources we can access and things which
is really really really useful also if
there's any key news which is really
great because it means we don't
accidentally miss a link really
important every time we upload these
emails I sit down for good five minutes
I'm distracted and read through it the
kids there is often really quite
essential information that we need to
know
I currently do this
[Music]
I'm mostly just quickly checking career
zoom there are always cool opportunities
and sources and things to prepare us for
the world of work and they are actually
still doing them even though obviously
no one's on campus so I'm trying to keep
up to date with my career zone and just
like going through and looking from
anything I could potentially be doing so
as you can see I went on Corazon I
basically just browse the things that
they had coming up and I ended up
signing up for a linked in tutorial
seminar class thing that was on this
evening that was at 5:30 say oh I just
booked in and then put a notice my
calendar so I wouldn't forget because he
do you need to turn up to the use and
then that reminded me that I actually
did kind of want to check my LinkedIn so
I just updated the best on Tim in
preparation for the tutorial later I had
a few bits of YouTube admin I needed to
do here so I just did that for a little
bit I just did that for about 20 minutes
and then I moved on to editing my newest
book basically on Instagram I post these
videos where I put together outfits
inspired by a particular book and this
one was on Mallory Towers so after that
I went and got changed into some
sportswear spike you go outside and do
some exercise
[Music]
headin back to used to be home pass some
battles little chance I know so well
stopping for gas and then me
[Music]
driving this like a spiritual cleanse
for every mile
no back in and everything holds a new
age
so since the Scripps spelling bee was
canceled The Washington Post has posted
their own version of the National
Spelling Bee and it's quite long it's 30
minutes so I'm 15 minutes in and I'm
going to watch the rest of it after I've
had this LinkedIn talk seminar class
thing I didn't really know what to call
it but basically a tutorial on how to
use LinkedIn to its full potential so
then next I had the linked in seminar
class then I got some paper and depends
I could write some quick notes whilst I
was doing it I always like to have paper
on hand for this kind of thing because
you don't to be fumbling for paper later
on when something really useful as
mentioned
[Music]
I really loved how interactive it was so
we did some cahoots and atutor basically
spent the session answering specific
questions that we had so I had five or
six questions which she very kindly
answered and it was actually very very
helpful that was really useful I just
finished that LinkedIn talk I made a
quick few edits to my LinkedIn profile
and now I'm actually just going to
quickly write up those notes from the
whims at reading that I did this morning
went through and highlighted the key
bits and I'm going to put it into a key
document so I can come back to it if I
need to I love doing this with all of
the key resources I read because it
means that I've got a really concise
version of them
[Music]
I love this sweat chat so much there's
something about wearing white that I
just really enjoy and actually say this
is from the 100 club company is founded
by recent graduates of Exeter actually
and they only print 100 of each item
that they make
[Music]
to evening will making dinner for
ourselves this evening so I made myself
some vegetables and also some homemade
hummus
I'd also found this recipe for a cookie
dough made out of chickpeas I tried
making that here as well and I had to
individually de-shell all of the
chickpeas so that it would taste less
like chickpeas it was actually
surprisingly it was only chickpeas
almond butter and a teaspoon of maple
syrup pretty good I mean it was a lot
better than I thought it would be so at
the same time as eating dinner I decided
to go to the restaurants
[Music]
I really really enjoy watching this it
was really good fun in the evening I
watched a film and spent a lot of time
reading but that's about it so thank you
so much for watching today's video I
hope that you enjoyed it and thank you
again to the University of Exeter for
sponsoring today's video so I hope that
you have a productive week
[Music]